# YouTube-Comments-Analysis-using-NLP
#In today’s fast moving and data driven world, it is essential for corporates to gather and to know as much information about their potential and current clients as possible. Each trivial step could boost some company’s turnover in a roll over effect that is now becoming difficult to predict. The details of our work schedule, our hobbies, are sentiment, our preferences, everything can be tracked, analysed, modelled and then monetized. Large corporations all over the world are harnessing the power and acumen of ever improving machine learning algorithms to create a product to maximize their revenue by channelling our data and preferences over their models. One such technique is sentiment analysis. As explained by Wikipedia, Sentiment analysis or opinion mining is a field in data science refers to the use of Natural Language Processing (NLP), text analysis, computational linguistics, and biometrics to systematically identify, extract, quantify, and study affective states and subjective information. We use sentiment analysis to voice the important quantifying elements of a customers’ interaction with a system such as, reviews, responses, surveys, comments. In other words, here we try to quantify and analyse users' ideas, beliefs, opinions, and much more to construct a clear picture that can help our pre-defined problem statement in the fields of marketing, research, politics, surveys etc. But before we define our problem statement, we need to know a little more about NLP itself. Thus, as per Wikipedia, Natural language processing or (NLP) is a subfield of linguistics, computer science, and artificial intelligence concerned with the interactions between computers and human languages. In particular how to program computers to process and analyse large amounts of natural language data. The result is a computer capable of "understanding" the contents of documents, including the contextual nuances of the language within them. The technology can then accurately extract information and insights contained in the documents as well as categorize and organize the documents themselves. So now we can move forward with our problem statement, or what we’re trying to achieve through this project. Here we want to study and analyse the latest event of farmers’ unrest and agitation in Delhi and in many parts of India due to the three new Farms Acts. According to the Union Government, these three new laws would revolutionize the farming sector in India and would massively benefit the farmers of our nation. These could be a crucial step towards doubling the income of farmers by 2022 – a goal set by the government a few years ago. But the other side of the story seems to be a little different, many farmers and farmers organizations claim that these new acts would jeopardize their livelihood and the basic support system from the government which will be fatal for the small and marginal farmers of India who make 86% of their population. Here, we won’t try to analyse these acts itself but the public’s perception and opinion on them. These kinds of studies could be useful for government organisations and their think tanks to try to evaluate what people think about their actions that affects society at large. For analysing the public’s perception towards these 3 new acts, we’ll be using YouTube comments. Throughout the farmers' protest against these laws, there were numerous trending videos that tried their best to encapsulate the issue as thoroughly as possible. We’ll be taking some of those trending videos for our analysis with a set criteria like maximum views within a particulate time period and also with maximum interaction in the comments section.
